Stable matching mechanisms are not obviously strategy-proof
Ashlagi, I., Gonczarowski, Y.A.

Unbalanced random matching markets: the stark effect of competition
Ashlagi, I., Kanoria, Y., Leshno, J.D.

On the complexity of trial and error
Bei, X., Chen, N., Zhang, S.

Sampling stable marriages: why spouse-swapping won't work
Bhatnagar, N., Greenberg, S., Randall, D.

Euclidean preferences
Bogomolnaia, A., Laslier, J.-F.

Communication requirements for stable marriages
Chou, J.-H., Lu, C.-J.

Economic efficiency requires interaction
Dobzinski, S., Nisan, N., Oren, S.

Machiavelli and the Gale-Shapley algorithm
Dubins, L.E., Freedman, D.A.

Instability of matchings in decentralized markets with various preference structures
Eriksson, K., Häggström, O.

Unraveling yields inefficient matchings: evidence from post-season college football bowls
Fréchette, G.R., Roth, A.E., Ünver, M.U.

College admissions and the stability of marriage
Gale, D., Shapley, L.S.

Manipulation of stable matchings using minimal blacklists
Gonczarowski, Y.A.

Sisterhood in the Gale-Shapley matching algorithm
Gonczarowski, Y.A., Friedgut, E.

A stable marriage requires communication
Gonczarowski, Y.A., Nisan, N., Ostrovsky, R., Rosenbaum, W.

Three fast algorithms for four problems in stable marriage
Gusfield, D.

The Stable Marriage Problem: Structure and Algorithms
Gusfield, D., Irving, R.W.

A new–old algorithm for minimum-cut and maximum-flow in closure graphs
Hochbaum, D.S.

The complexity of counting stable marriages
Irving, R.W., Leather, P.

The probabilistic communication complexity of set intersection
Kalyanasundaram, B., Schintger, G.

Marriage stables et leurs relations avec d'autres problèmes combinatoires
Knuth, D.E.

Communication Complexity
Kushilevitz, E., Nisan, N.

Unraveling in matching markets
Li, H., Rosen, S.

Obviously strategy-proof mechanisms
Li, S.

The stable marriage problem
McVitie, D.G., Wilson, L.B.

Lower bounds for the stable marriage problem and its variants
Ng, C., Hirschberg, D.

Unraveling reduces mobility in a labor market: gastroenterology with and without a centralized match
Niederle, M., Roth, A.E.

Fast distributed almost stable matchings
Ostrovsky, R., Rosenbaum, W.

Maximal closure of a graph and applications to combinatorial problems
Picard, J.-C.

On the distributional complexity of disjointness
Razborov, A.A.

The evolution of the labor market for medical interns and residents: a case study in game theory
Roth, A.E.

On the allocation of residents to rural hospitals: a general property of two-sided matching markets
Roth, A.E.

A natural experiment in the organization of entry-level labor markets: regional markets for new physicians and surgeons in the United Kingdom
Roth, A.E.

Jumping the gun: imperfections and institutions related to the timing of market transactions
Roth, A.E., Xing, X.

The communication requirements of social choice rules and supporting budget sets
Segal, I.

On the survival of some unstable two-sided matching mechanisms
Ünver, M.U.

An analysis of the stable marriage assignment algorithm
Wilson, L.B.

Some complexity questions related to distributive computing (preliminary report)
Yao, A.C.-C.

